README.md, before:

## 👋 Hey, I'm Andrew Zha

CU Boulder Mechanical Engineering sophomore focusing on **robotics, additive manufacturing, and product design**.

[📄 View My Resume](resume.pdf)

---
***Here are some of my most impactful projects***:

- [(WIP)Communication Device for Special Needs Final Project]([LINK])
- [OtterProducts Electronics Enclosure](https://github.com/AndrewZha/OtterProducts-Electronics-Enclosure)
- [XR-Airfoil Design Controller](https://github.com/AndrewZha/XR-Airfoil-Design-Controller)
- [Robot Kit Development](https://github.com/AndrewZha/Robot-Kit-Development)

---
***Here is some of the work I've done for OtterBox:***
- [OtterProducts Electronics Enclosure](https://github.com/AndrewZha/OtterProducts-Electronics-Enclosure)
- [(WIP)Protolab Examples]([LINK])
- [(WIP)Texture Displacement Process Using KeyShot]([LINK])

---
***Here are some more projects that showcase my CAD Modeling:***
- [Drone Shell Final Project](https://github.com/AndrewZha/Drone-Shell-Final-Project)
- [FMA Helmet](https://github.com/AndrewZha/FMA-Helmet)
- [Multi-Purpose-Desk-Clamp](https://github.com/AndrewZha/Multi-Purpose-Desk-Clamp)
- [(WIP)RAM Aero R/C Plane]([LINK])

Commit message:

Enhance README with personal project statement
Added a personal statement about turning ideas into prototypes.

README.md, after:

## 👋 Hey, I'm Andrew Zha

CU Boulder Mechanical Engineering sophomore focusing on **robotics, additive manufacturing, and product design**.

I take napkin-sketch ideas and turn them into real, working prototypes — if you can imagine it, I can build it.

[📄 View My Resume](resume.pdf)

---
***Here are some of my most impactful projects***:

- [(WIP)Communication Device for Special Needs Final Project]([LINK])
- [OtterProducts Electronics Enclosure](https://github.com/AndrewZha/OtterProducts-Electronics-Enclosure)
- [XR-Airfoil Design Controller](https://github.com/AndrewZha/XR-Airfoil-Design-Controller)
- [Robot Kit Development](https://github.com/AndrewZha/Robot-Kit-Development)

---
***Here is some of the work I've done for OtterBox:***
- [OtterProducts Electronics Enclosure](https://github.com/AndrewZha/OtterProducts-Electronics-Enclosure)
- [(WIP)Protolab Examples]([LINK])
- [(WIP)Texture Displacement Process Using KeyShot]([LINK])

---
***Here are some more projects that showcase my CAD Modeling:***
- [Drone Shell Final Project](https://github.com/AndrewZha/Drone-Shell-Final-Project)
- [FMA Helmet](https://github.com/AndrewZha/FMA-Helmet)
- [Multi-Purpose-Desk-Clamp](https://github.com/AndrewZha/Multi-Purpose-Desk-Clamp)
- [(WIP)RAM Aero R/C Plane]([LINK])
